I sleep too much.
I drink a lot of alcohol .
I am not able to get over my breakup.
I have been working in a firm for one year after graduation. I always had the problem of overthinking and being anxious even about petite issues. I had become very desperate by the end of fourth year of college and just wanted a girlfriend. Then one girl in my office started showing interest in me( This is what I thought, later I realized she behaves with everyone in this way). I became friends with her and got to know how much career oriented she is. I started felling for her and one day I proposed her. She rejected politely but ever since then things became awkward. She tried to avoid me in one to one interactions. There is another guy(he is an extrovert), who likes that girl. He always flirted with her but she did not pay much attention. But in one office party, they got very drunk and he started holding her close. I cannot get that image out of my mind. In the next party I was angry at her due to some reason and said her something bad in a drunk state. Ever since then, she deliberately flirts with that guy in front of me. I feel so bad about this situation, I consider myself guilty. I could not imagine that such a thing can ever happen, a girl so great can do such a thing. My belief system was broken. I left for home where my family looked after me, got me proper treatment. They made me understand that relationships are fragile and one needs to spend good deal of time making meaningful relationships. I also realized how important my work is to me and how much more I need to learn in life and do something meaningful. I also realized the importance of my family and all the privideges that I had always overlooked. I want to focus all my energy on my work and my family, but still somehow I cannot stop thinking about her. Deep inside I still adore her. But I want to forget her. How should I divert my focus?
I am in my final year now and i really do want to pursue research but, i want to pursue things i have not had much experience in my undergrad, and the experience i do have(a couple of papers) is different from the one i want to pursue further. I feel like i have no time to learn all this before i am thrown into the world of graduate applications and\or jobs and that i may have wasted the past couple years. i should have known better but now i can't really decide what to do, and it paralyzes my decision making skills. Graduate applications abroad are highly competitive and even if i apply to a program without the specific type of experience the are looking for i won't get admission or any sort of funding and i don't know what to do at this stage.This is making me sluggish in doing any work and i keep putting off things, my concentration is getting bad and i feel listless sometimes.
I always compare myself to others.
My girlfriend left me. I have no one to talk to.
I feel sad when I see my friends doing well in life but I am just a failure .
I am taking too much stress at work .
People make fun of me because I am very fat and suffer from obesity.
I miss my family in college. I want to go back home.
I am not able to get admission into my favourite college. I want to suicide .
I am pregnant and feel a lot of pain these days.
I hate my college.
I just became a parent . I am not able to take the responsibilites that come with it.
I have a degree from a reputed college . But still I am not able to find a job .
I want to go for higher studies but I don't have the  money for the fees.
I feel guilty because I wasted two years of my life .
I want to study further but I am being forced into marriage by my parents.
I have not been able to live up to the expectations of others . I am ashamed of myself.